h1. Signals: An implementation of the Signals pattern

This is an implementation of the messaging pattern used in the AS3-Signals project created by Robert Penner.

The goal of this implementation is to be simpler, lighter and faster. This implementation was initially created for the "Ash":http://github.com/richardlord/Ash game framework.

h3. Source Code

* "Signals":http://github.com/richardlord/Signals

h3. The original

* "AS3-Signals":http://github.com/robertpenner/as3-signals

h3. Developers

* "Richard Lord":http://www.richardlord.net/
** "Richard on Twitter":http://twitter.com/Richard_Lord
** "Richard on Github":http://github.com/richardlord

h3. Thank you

* Robert Penner, for "the original":http://github.com/robertpenner/as3-signals

h2. License

Signals - an implementation of the Signals pattern
..................................................

Author: Richard Lord
Copyright (c) Richard Lord 2011-2012
http://www.richardlord.net

Licence Agreement (The MIT License)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.